docs: add instructions to build the base images from external forks (#22304)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/images.rst

   to approve the build that was created by GitHub Actions `here <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Base+Image+Release+Build%22>`__.
   Note that at this step cilium-builder build failure is expected since we have yet to update the runtime digest.

#. Wait for build to complete. If the PR was opened from an external fork the
   build will fail while trying to push the changes, this is expected.

#. If the PR was opened from an external fork, run the following commands and
   re-push the changes to your branch. Once this is done the CI can be executed.

   .. code-block:: shell-session

       $ make -C images/ update-runtime-image
       $ git commit -sam "images: update cilium-{runtime,builder}" --amend
       $ make -C images/ update-builder-image
       $ git commit -sam "images: update cilium-{runtime,builder}" --amend

> #. If the PR was opened form a repository branch, the build will automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If the PR was opened from the main repository, the build will automatically
```
